feat: create "add network rule" post (#772)
devopness/devopness: docs/network-rules/add-network-rule.md

---
title: Add a Network Rule

> intro: Add network rules to define which ports to open on servers or if you want to restrict the opening of a port through a specific IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: Add network rules to control incoming and outgoing network traffic that is allowed to and from your servers, based on network port and source/destination IP address range. 
```
